README.md, before:

# Replace hashed string with matching cleartext string

## Prerequisites

* Expects `input.txt` to contain the cleartext data. The data to be hashed and compared to the hashed_data-lines.
* Expects `hashed_data.txt` to contain lines of files with SHA256 hashes somewhere on the line
* Outputs `output.txt` with only the lines containing unhashable strings (lines where the input.txt content when hashed, can be matched with the sha256 hash on the line) essentially a match-filter (except in "dirty" mode, see below).
* A `saltstring` is optional to the program as `$1` parameter.
* Optional: `-d` for "dirty" mode (as it exposes sensitive data), will replace the hash on each matched line with the clear text matched string
* Optional: `-l` for "list ssn hash", will output `ssn_hash.txt` containing clear text + corresponding hash, one on each line. 

## Building and running

* Build

    `go build .`

* Run

    Will only filter the lines to output lines with hashes matching input data + saltstring:

    `./unpseudo-ssn <saltstring>`

    Will output filtered lines with hash replaced by cleartext string ("dirty" mode):

    `./unpseudo-ssn <saltstring> -d`

    Will output filtered lines and a separate file with cleartext + matching hash:
    
    `./unpseudo-ssn <saltstring> -l`

    Will output filtered lines with cleartext string ("dirty") and also a separate file with cleartext + hash:

    `./pseudo-ssn <saltstring> -d -l`

    Any of these can be run without the saltstring.

* If you have Go installed, you can run the code directly:

    `go run . [ <saltstring> -d -l]`

## Testing data
The hashed_data.txt content is hashed with this salt: 5e433dda-989b-11ed-98bf-00155d4e6602

Commit message:

update readme to specify the feature of running to only get the ssn_hash.txt file w/o caring about the output.txt

README.md, after:

# Replace hashed string with matching cleartext string

## Prerequisites

* Expects `input.txt` to contain the cleartext data. The data to be hashed and compared to the hashed_data-lines.
* Expects `hashed_data.txt` to contain lines of files with SHA256 hashes somewhere on the line
* Outputs `output.txt` with only the lines containing unhashable strings (lines where the input.txt content when hashed, can be matched with the sha256 hash on the line) essentially a match-filter (except in "dirty" mode, see below).
* A `saltstring` is optional to the program as `$1` parameter.
* Optional: `-d` for "dirty" mode (as it exposes sensitive data), will replace the hash on each matched line with the clear text matched string
* Optional: `-l` for "list ssn hash", will output `ssn_hash.txt` containing clear text + corresponding hash, one on each line. 

## Building and running

* Build

    `go build .`

* Run

    Will only filter the lines to output lines with hashes matching input data + saltstring:

    `./unpseudo-ssn <saltstring>`

    Will output filtered lines with hash replaced by cleartext string ("dirty" mode):

    `./unpseudo-ssn <saltstring> -d`

    Will output filtered lines and a separate file with cleartext + matching hash:
    
    `./unpseudo-ssn <saltstring> -l`

    Will output filtered lines with cleartext string ("dirty") and also a separate file with cleartext + hash:

    `./pseudo-ssn <saltstring> -d -l`

    Any of these can be run without the saltstring.

* If you have Go installed, you can run the code directly:

    `go run . [ <saltstring> -d -l]`

* If you only want to create a file with cleartext data and their hashes based on a specific saltstring, you could run `./pseudo-ssn <saltstring> -l` with an empty `hashed_data.txt` but with an `input.txt` containing data. You would then get an empty `output.txt` and a `ssn_hash.txt` file containing cleartext data and their SHA256 sum.

## Testing data
The hashed_data.txt content is hashed with this salt: 5e433dda-989b-11ed-98bf-00155d4e6602
